Extend buffer.h (#2331)
inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget: docs/reference/gadget-helper-api.md

* `struct gadget_l3endpoint_t` and `struct gadget_l4endpoint_t`: enrich with the Kubernetes endpoint. TODO: add details.
* `typedef __u64 gadget_mntns_id`: container enrichment (see #container-enrichment)
* `typedef __u64 gadget_timestamp`: add human-readable timestamp from `bpf_ktime_get_boot_ns()`.

## Buffer API

> To share events with userspace, we rely on perf or eBPF ring buffers.
> Compare to perf ones, eBPF ring buffers are more recent, so they may not be available on your kernel.
> To ease using these buffers, we provide `<gadget/buffer.h>`.
> This header contains useful abstraction around the underlying type of buffer.

Reviewer: What about something like this?

```suggestion
There are two kind of eBPF maps used to send events to userspace: (a) perf ring buffer or (b) eBPF
ring buffer. The later is more efficient and flexible, however it's only available from kernel 5.8.
Check https://nakryiko.com/posts/bpf-ringbuf/ to get more details about the differences.
`<gadget/buffer.h>` provides an abstraction to automatically use the right buffer according to the
kernel features.
```

First, you need to declare the buffer with the following macro:

```C
GADGET_TRACER_MAP(events, 1024 * 256);
```

Then, you can interact with the buffer using these functions:

1. `void *gadget_reserve_buf(void *map, __u64 size)`: Reserves memory in the corresponding buffer.
1. `long gadget_submit_buf(void *ctx, void *map, void *buf, __u64 size)`: Writes the previously reserved memory in the corresponding buffer.
1. `void gadget_discard_buf(void *buf)`: Discards the previously reserved buffer. This is needed to avoid wasting memory.
1. `long gadget_output_buf(void *ctx, void *map, void *buf, __u64 size)`: Reserves and writes the buffer in the corresponding map. This is equivalent to calling `gadget_reserve_buf()` and `gadget_submit_buf()`.

The following snippet demonstrates how to use the code available in `<gadget/buffer.h>`, it is taken from `trace_open`:

```C

> #include <gadget/buffer.h>

Reviewer: What about suggesting always setting `MAX_EVENT_SIZE`?
